I just said it was an old one and then a small one.
Hahaha hey
What are you so arrogant about?
Isn't it just lifting 400 kilograms?
What's so great about it?
He usually jumps into the sky
With all due respect
In my eyes, not only are Zhao Ruolan women rubbish
Your entire Zhaojia Village is rubbish
Who are you calling trash?
You are the garbage, you Fuso people drink wastewater
congenital imbecile
Bullshit, your entire Zhaojiacun is Earth Nenger
You guys are competing with my dad today
Isn't it just because he is old and easy to bully?
If you have the ability, gimmicks with me
Ten years ago, my dad was able to rub you on the ground
In 10 years, I can still send you
Press it hard on the ground and rub it
Who disagrees?
Come out and challenge me
To challenge you, you are also capable
Lift these 400 kilograms for ten years first
What a bunch of trash
Didn't you hear what my son just said?
He is this year's world champion
His grades far exceeded 400kg mom
No need to tell them
I will destroy their prestige now
Ha ha.
Ah!
Hahahaha